Add new budget fields to campaign_daily_report + adjust uniqueness test (#31)
fivetran/dbt_microsoft_ads_source: models/docs.md

{% enddocs %}

{% docs budget_association_status %}
Indicates whether or not the campaign is currently spending from the budget mentioned in the BudgetName column. The possible values are `Current` and `Ended`.
{% enddocs %}

{% docs budget_name %}

> The status of the campaign's budget. This column will be empty for unshared budgets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the budget. This column will be empty for unshared budgets.
```
I think something just got shifted here. [Here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/advertising/reporting-service/campaignperformancereportcolumn?view=bingads-13#budgetname) is the definition I was looking at!

Author: doh good catch! added and regenerated the docs
